---
integration: Stripe
description: "Incorporate Stripe's seamless payment processing into your app to offer secure, efficient, and versatile payment options. "
email: integrations@stripe.com
permissions:
  - "Access to company financial data and transactions"
  - "Handle payments and payment information securely"
  - "Manage customer subscriptions and recurring payments"
  - "Implement fraud protection mechanisms"
logo:
  url: "/integrations/stripe.svg"
  alt: "Stripe Logo"
---

# How to Integrate Stripe with Your App

Integrating Stripe into your application empowers you to process payments securely and efficiently, enhancing your service offering and customer experience. Follow these steps to integrate Stripe's powerful payment processing capabilities into your app:

## Step 1: Sign Up for a Stripe Account

Visit the [Stripe website](https://stripe.com) and sign up for an account. Complete the registration process to gain access to the Stripe Dashboard, where you can manage your Stripe integration settings.

## Step 2: Access the Stripe API

After setting up your account, navigate to the Developers section in your Stripe Dashboard. Here, you'll find your API keys (publishable key and secret key), essential for integrating Stripe with your app.

## Step 3: Install the Stripe SDK

Stripe provides SDKs for various programming languages and platforms, making it easier to integrate:

- For web applications, use the Stripe.js library and the Stripe Elements package for building custom payment forms.
- For mobile apps, Stripe offers SDKs for iOS and Android, allowing you to incorporate Stripe's payment processing features directly into your native apps.

## Step 4: Implement Stripe API into Your App

With the Stripe SDK installed, use the API keys to authenticate your requests to Stripe. Implement the necessary API calls to handle payment processing, such as creating charges, managing subscriptions, and handling customer information securely.

## Step 5: Test Your Integration

Utilize Stripe's test environment to safely simulate payment transactions without processing actual payments. This step is crucial for ensuring your integration works as expected under various scenarios.

- Stripe provides test API keys and test card numbers to facilitate thorough testing.

## Step 6: Go Live

Once you're confident with your integration's functionality and security, switch to your live API keys in the Stripe Dashboard. Start processing real payments and monitor transactions through the Dashboard.

## Getting Assistance

For further guidance or if you encounter any issues during the integration process,
