---
page: "Data Analyst"
details:
  Location: "Chicago"
  Type: "Analytics Division"
  Department: "Data Science"
---

**Position Description:**

Located in Chicago, as a Data Analyst within our Analytics Division, you will turn data into information, information into insight, and insight into business decisions. Your analytical skills will support our strategic decisions by ensuring high-quality data collection, analysis, and reporting.

**Responsibilities:**

- Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.
- Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
- Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems.
- Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
- Work with management to prioritize business and information needs.

**Qualifications:**

- Proven working experience as a Data Analyst or Business Data Analyst.
- Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining, and segmentation techniques.
- Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc), databases (SQL etc), programming (XML, Javascript, or ETL frameworks).
- Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
- A degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, or Statistics.
